# Payment and billing


## Subscriptions vs. one time


[__Why are one-time sponsorships not granted access to Insiders?__](#sponsorship-one-time){ #sponsorship-one-time }

Primarily due to technical reasons, that we're working on lifting in the future.
We use GitHub webhooks to determine our current active sponsors. When you create
or cancel your monthly subscription, GitHub sends events that we use to
automatically add and remove collaborators.

Note that [$15] is the minimum amount to be granted access to Insiders.

  [$15]: https://github.com/sponsors/squidfunk/sponsorships?tier_id=210638


[__Can I purchase the Insiders edition with a one-time donation?__](#one-time-donation){ #one-time-donation }

One-time donations, while appreciated, cannot support the ongoing development of
Material for MkDocs as subscriptions do. Our project's growth relies on steady
support from subscriptions to fund new features, updates, and maintenance.
Therefore, the Insiders version is not available through a one-time donation.

If monthly payments do not work for you or your company, you can adjust your
GitHub account's [billing cycle] to annual instead of monthly and sponsor at the
appropriate tier.

[billing cycle]: ../insiders/faq/sponsoring.md/#insiders-billing-cycle

## Payment options

### GitHub Sponsors

We manage all our transactions and sponsorships through [GitHub Sponsors]. To
become a sponsor of Material for MkDocs on GitHub, visit [our sponsors' page].
On there, you can choose from five different sponsorship tiers and pay by credit
card. Please note that as of the beginning of 2023,
[GitHub no longer supports PayPal] payments.

If you're a company and need assistance choosing the right payment method,
please don't hesitate to reach out to sponsors@squidfunk.com.

  [GitHub Sponsors]: https://github.com/sponsors
  [GitHub no longer supports PayPal]: https://github.blog/changelog/2023-01-23-github-sponsors-will-stop-supporting-paypal/
  [our sponsors' page]: https://github.com/sponsors/squidfunk/


[__Can I sponsor the project without a GitHub account?__](#sponsorship-account){ #sponsorship-account }

No, you can't support Material for MkDocs if you don't have a GitHub account.
GitHub Sponsors handles all transactions and access management for us. Please
also note that the private Insiders repository is on GitHub, so in order to gain
access, you'll need to have a GitHub individual or bot account that can be added
as a collaborator. If your organization doesn't use GitHub or hosts its
repositories on other platforms, you can mirror the Insiders repository in your
environment once you have access.

#### Credit Card

#### Billing cycle

[__How can I set my billing to monthly or yearly?__](#insiders-billing-cycle){ #insiders-billing-cycle }

Before you sponsor Material for MkDocs on one of our sponsoring tiers, you can
change your [billing cycle] to either monthly or yearly, according to your
preference. Your [billing cycle] is a setting at the account level on GitHub,
which you can easily modify in your account settings. When selecting one of our
sponsoring tiers, this adjustment will automatically categorize you as a monthly
or yearly sponsor.

If you find it challenging to make this change in your account, a practical
workaround is to create a dedicated GitHub bot account where you set the billing
cycle to yearly and use it specifically for your sponsorship contributions. This
is a strategy some of our sponsors have successfully implemented. For any
difficulties or further inquiries, please don’t hesitate to contact us at
sponsors@squidfunk.com for support.

  [billing cycle]: https://docs.github.com/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-billing-and-payments-on-github/changing-the-duration-of-your-billing-cycle

##### Monthly

##### Yearly

## Trial period

No, we do not offer a trial period for the Insiders edition. However, if you're
a company and are considering sponsoring on the [commercial] tier, but want to
first give the Insiders edition a try, you can sponsor on the [$15] tier with a
personal account for [non-commercial] evaluation purposes.

Additionally, our subscription model allows you to cancel your sponsorship
anytime. If you decide to cancel, your sponsorship will remain active until
the end of your billing cycle.

## Discounts

[__Are discounts available for the Insiders edition, such as student discounts?__](#insiders-discounts){ #insiders-discounts }

Unfortunately, we are not able to offer any discounts for the Material for
MkDocs Insiders program. To ensure that everyone can afford the Insiders program
and keep the barrier as low as possible, we have set prices as low as [$15] a
month for [non-commercial] use.

[__Do you offer free access to Insiders for Open Source projects?__](#insiders-open-source){ #insiders-open-source }

No, we do not offer free access to our Material for MkDocs Insiders edition.
We understand that non-profit organizations may have limited budgets and may
need to prioritize their spending on other projects or organizations. However,
it's important to note that Material for MkDocs is maintained by a small team,
investing a lot of time and resources into constantly improving this project.
Material for MkDocs and its core features are free to the community through our
Open Source model. Therefore, Material for MkDocs itself is already free.

However, we do offer an affordable sponsorship tier starting at [$15] a month,
which is meant for individuals and non-profit organizations using Material for
MkDocs to build 1-2 sites for [non-commercial] purposes. This tier provides access
to all new features, benefiting you from our ongoing development efforts.

[__Is Insiders free for those who contribute to this project?__](#insiders-contributors){ #insiders-contributors }

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Material for MkDocs! We value
every contribution, but it's important to distinguish between different types of
contributions. While minor edits such as typo corrections or adding new
languages are appreciated, they demand significant review efforts that exceed
the scope of such contributions. Consequently, free access to the Insiders
edition is exclusively offered to our [community experts].

If you're passionate about making a significant impact, we encourage you to
explore our [community experts] program. This program is designed for
experienced users eager to share their expertise on our [discussion board]. Our
discussion board facilitates the exchange of insights on workarounds, setups,
and features and addresses queries from users at all levels of experience. As a
community expert you become an integral part of our project by actively
assisting users and addressing their inquiries. This allows our team to focus
more on enhancing and developing new features – benefiting the entire community.

In acknowledgment of such valuable contributions, active [community experts] are
granted free access to the Insiders edition. This presents a fantastic
opportunity for you to make meaningful contributions while enjoying the perks of
the Insiders edition.

  [community experts]: ../community-experts-program/index.md


## Invoices

[__Can I get an invoice for my sponsorship payment?__](#insiders-invoice){ #insiders-invoice}

Since [GitHub Sponsors] manages all transactions on our behalf, GitHub Sponsors
is considered your supplier, not us. As part of their process, GitHub Sponsors
automatically sends you a payment receipt via email for each billing cycle. It's
important to note that this document is a receipt, not an invoice. If you
require an invoice for your records, please contact us at sponsors@squidfunk.com
before initiating your sponsorship.

  [GitHub Sponsors]: https://github.com/sponsors/squidfunk/


## Refunds

[__Do you offer refunds for sponsoring payments?__](#insiders-refunds){ #insiders-refunds }

Unfortunately, we cannot offer any refund for sponsorship payments.
[GitHub Sponsors] manages all sponsoring transactions. Because of that, we do
not have any insights into the details of the funds and cannot access them. If
you have any payment issues, please get in touch with the GitHub Sponsors
support team, as they can help you.



## Upgrading and downgrading


[__Can I switch between different sponsoring tiers?__](#insiders-switch-tiers){ #insiders-switch-tiers }

Yes, you can switch between different sponsoring tiers at any time. Simply go
to the [GitHub Sponsors] page and change your sponsoring tier. Once you make
that change, you will immediately change to the new tier.

If you change to a higher tier, the amount will be prorated according to your
billing cycle.

[__Can I sponsor the project for a specific feature or development goal?__](#insiders-goals){ #insiders-goals }

While sponsoring specific goals directly is not possible, our sponsoring goals
are connected to specific features or development goals aligned with the
project's roadmap. You can find an [overview of these sponsoring goals] and their
associated features on our website. Insider users have early access to all
already developed features, including those associated with higher funding goals
that will be reached at a later stage. If you're interested in accessing these
features, becoming a sponsor is the way to go. If you have a feature in mind
that you would like to see on the list, we encourage you to
[initiate a new discussion] to evaluate it with others.

  [overview of these sponsoring goals]: ../index.md#goals
  [initiate a new discussion]: https://github.com/squidfunk/mkdocs-material/discussions

[__What happens if I reach my sponsoring limit for my current tier?__](#insiders-limit){ #insiders-limit }

If you extend the number of sites that are in your current sponsoring limit,
please [upgrade your sponsorship] to a higher tier to continue using the
Insiders edition and build more sites. The change will be effective immediately.

  [upgrade your sponsorship]: https://docs.github.com/en/billing/managing-billing-for-github-sponsors/upgrading-a-sponsorship

