# Insiders

Material for MkDocs Insiders offers an enhanced experience with early access to
exclusive features that aren't available in the community edition. Become a
sponsor and make use of these features directly!

Youâ€™ve already seen the benefits of using Material for MkDocs;
imagine what more you can achieve with Insiders. Your sponsorship helps us
ontinue to innovate and improve, ensuring Material for MkDocs remains a
cutting-edge tool. Discover how your contributions make a difference.

## Choose a tier

Slider!

### The Individual

_Choose for non-commercial use (1-2 sites)_

You love Material for MkDocs and use it for your Open Source project or personal
blog. You read about all the awesome features in Insiders, which are first
exclusively released to sponsors, and don't want to miss out.

__Rewards:__

  - Access to Insiders (1 seat)

[&nbsp; Sponsor with $15 a month <span class="mdx-sponsorship-count" data-mdx-component="sponsorship-count"></span>][15 a month]{ .md-button .md-button--primary .mdx-sponsorship-button }

  [15 a month]: https://github.com/sponsors/squidfunk/sponsorships?tier_id=210638

### The Dedicated Individual

_Choose for non-commercial use (3+ sites)_

You use Material for MkDocs for several of your Open Source projects or personal
sites, and just love that you can build beautiful documentation without having
to worry about the constantly breaking JavaScript ecosystem â€“ this is now
[@squidfunk's] job.

Commit to $35 a month

  [@squidfunk's]: https://github.com/squidfunk

__Rewards:__

  - Access to Insiders (2 seats)

[&nbsp; Sponsor with $35 a month <span class="mdx-sponsorship-count" data-mdx-component="sponsorship-count"></span>][35 a month]{ .md-button .md-button--primary .mdx-sponsorship-button }

  [35 a month]: https://github.com/sponsors/squidfunk/sponsorships?tier_id=210641

### The Organization

_Choose for commercial use (1-9 sites)_

Your organization uses Material for MkDocs for its documentation or internal
knowledge base and wants to make sure that it is well-maintained and safe to use
for the years to come. You agree that $125 a month (less than 1 hour of a
skilled developer) is a clever investment into a solution, solving tons of
problems you don't want to fight yourself.

__Rewards:__

  - Access to Insiders (3 seats)
  - Have your bug reports prioritized
  - Bronze sponsor ðŸ¥‰ logo placement (S)

[&nbsp; Sponsor with $125 a month <span class="mdx-sponsorship-count" data-mdx-component="sponsorship-count"></span>][125 a month]{ .md-button .md-button--primary .mdx-sponsorship-button }

  [125 a month]: https://github.com/sponsors/squidfunk/sponsorships?tier_id=210643

### The Global Organization

_Choose for commercial use (10-49 sites)_

Your organization runs many internal and public-facing sites that are built with
Material for MkDocs, helping you to share and manage knowledge efficiently.
You've evaluated several commercial alternatives which will cost you 3-4x more,
some of which with a smaller feature set. You agree that $250 a month (less than
2 hours of a skilled developer) is a very good deal for the value you're getting
out of it.

__Rewards:__

  - Access to Insiders (5 seats)
  - Have your bug reports prioritized
  - Silver sponsor ðŸ¥ˆ logo placement (M)

[&nbsp; Sponsor with $250 a month <span class="mdx-sponsorship-count" data-mdx-component="sponsorship-count"></span>][250 a month]{ .md-button .md-button--primary .mdx-sponsorship-button }

  [250 a month]: https://github.com/sponsors/squidfunk/sponsorships?tier_id=181282

### The Holistic Organization

_Choose for commercial use (50+ sites)_

Your organization's day-to-day operations critically depend on Material for
MkDocs, and you need to make sure that bugs are fixed quickly to keep your
customers happy. You see your work as part of a larger ecosystem, realizing that
giving back is essential to keeping everything you fight for alive.

__Rewards:__

  - Access to Insiders (10 seats)
  - Have your bug reports prioritized
  - Gold sponsor ðŸ¥‡ logo placement (L)
  - Private support via email ðŸ“¨

[&nbsp; Sponsor with $1000 a month <span class="mdx-sponsorship-count" data-mdx-component="sponsorship-count"></span>][1000 a month]{ .md-button .md-button--primary .mdx-sponsorship-button }

  [1000 a month]: https://github.com/sponsors/squidfunk/sponsorships?tier_id=334388

## Additional information

If you require additional and detailed information about payment, billing,
access management, and more, you'll find everything you need on the following
pages:

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :fontawesome-solid-circle-question: &nbsp;
    __Why sponsor us__

    ---

    Learn why becoming a sponsor is a great idea and how you help us to create a
    leading tool in documentation

    ---

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: More information][Why sponsor us]

-   :material-gift: &nbsp;
    __What's in it for you__

    ---

    Discover the exclusive benefits and features available only to our monthly
    sponsors

    ---

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: More infomation][What's in it for you]

-   :fontawesome-solid-people-group: &nbsp;
    __Who is sponsoring__

    ---

    Get an overview of our awesome sponsors â€“ the individuals and organizations
    who help us grow

    ---

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: More infomation][Who is sponsoring]

</div>

### Sponsoring guide

Everything you need to know about our sponsoring tiers and how to start your
sponsorship journey.

<div class="grid cards" markdown>


-   :material-animation-outline: &nbsp;
    __Sponsoring tiers__

    ---

    Find the perfect monthly sponsoring tier that fits your needs and
    requirements

    ---

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: More information][Sponsoring tiers]

-   :octicons-heart-fill-24:{ .mdx-heart } &nbsp;
    __How to sponsor__

    ---

    Follow our step-by-step guide on how to become a sponsor to get you started
    directly

    ---

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: More information][How to sponsor]

</div>

### Sponsoring details

Specific details on the administrative and technical aspects of sponsoring.

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :material-hand-coin: &nbsp;
    __Payment and billing__

    ---

    Find all the information you need about payment methods and billing cycles.

    ---

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: More infomation][Payment and billing]

-   :material-key-variant: &nbsp;
    __Access management__

    ---

    Learn about the access managemnt to Insiders â€“ for individuals and
    organizations

    ---

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: More infomation][Access management]

-   :material-clock-time-three: &nbsp;
    __Runtime and cancellation__

    ---

    Get information on the duration of your sponsorship and the cancellation
    process

    ---

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: More information][Runtime and cancellation]

-   :material-lock-open: &nbsp;
    __Privacy__

    ---

    Our commitment to your privacy â€“ how we handle your privacy

    ---

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: More infomation][Privacy]

-   :material-briefcase: &nbsp;
    __License__

    ---

    Details on the licensing of Material for MkDocs Insiders and how it affects
    your usage

    ---

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: More infomation][License]

-   :material-email: &nbsp;
    __Support__

    ---

    Overview of the support options available, ensuring you get the information
    you need

    ---

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: More information][Support]

</div>

### Usage

 information on using the Insiders version once you've become a sponsor.

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :material-download: &nbsp;
    __Installing Insiders__

    ---

    Step-by-step instructions on how to install Material for MkDocs Insiders

    ---

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: More information][Installing Insiders]

-   :octicons-versions-16: &nbsp;
    __Changelog__

    ---

    Review the latest changes and additions to Material for MkDocs Insiders

    ---

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: More infomation][Changelog]

-   :material-update:&nbsp;
    __Upgrade__

    ---

    Stay updated with the latest changes and improvements in the Insiders
    edition

    ---

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: More infomation][Upgrade]

</div>

  [Why sponsor us]: why-sponsor-us.md
  [What's in it for you]: benefits.md
  [Who is sponsoring]: our-sponsors.md
  [Sponsoring tiers]: sponsoring-tiers.md
  [How to sponsor]: how-to-sponsor.md
  [Payment and billing]: payment-and-billing.md
  [Access management]: access-management.md
  [Runtime and cancellation]: runtime-and-cancellation.md
  [Privacy]: privacy.md
  [License]: license.md
  [Support]: ../support.md
  [Installing Insiders]: installation.md
  [Changelog]: changelog.md
  [Upgrade]: upgrade.md
