# Insiders license




## Open Source

### Ecosystem

around the entire project

### No vendor lock-in

## MIT license

Permissive license

No. Whether you're an individual or a company, you may use Material for
MkDocs Insiders precisely under the same terms as Material for MkDocs, which are
given by the [MIT license].

  [MIT license]: ../license.md


## Fair use policy

Our fair use policy includes the following guidelines:

- Please refrain from __distributing the source code__ of Insiders. While you
may use the software for public, private, or commercial projects and may
privately [fork] or [mirror] it, we ask that you keep the source code private.
This is important to our sponsorware strategy, which helps us fund ongoing
development and support of the software. If this guidelines is violated,
everybody loses, as it will reduce the time of us maintainers we can set aside
to push this project forward.

- As our sponsoring tiers are based on the number of sites you want to build,
please make sure to [upgrade your sponsorship] once your current sponsoring tier
limit has been reached.



A major advantage of the MIT License is the fact that it benefits both parties
equally. Some developers find the GNU/GPL licenses too permissive, while others
believe all software should be privatized. Since the MIT License is very broadly
worded, it is suitable for both community development and the development of
proprietary software using components under an MIT License.

## What conditions does the MIT License contain?

The most important aspect of the MIT License is that it permits the use of
programming code for development purposes and excludes liability risks.
Specifically, a person acquiring software and the related files is entitled to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, grant sublicenses for, and sell the software.

The only condition for using the software is that the original copyright notice
must be included in all copies or substantial portions of the software. The
final part of the license text governs restrictions and the revocation of
implied warranties through the distribution of the code.

## For which software classes is the MIT License intended?

Copyleft: Strong and weak copyleft licenses (a term that means the opposite of
copyright) ensure that all programs based on open-source components meet the
same FOSS license conditions.

BSD-like and permissive licenses: These licenses contain only minimal (or no)
restrictions regarding the implementation, modification, and extension of the
software for open-source or proprietary purposes.

The MIT License falls into the category of liberal (or BSD-like) FOSS licenses.
BSD-like licenses allow unrestricted handling of the code, provided a copyright
notice is inserted, and no future liability claims are made.

## Can anyone use the MIT License?

Yes, the MIT License can be used in all developer projects. It's just necessary
to consider that all rights associated with one's work can be freely altered.

## Is commercial use possible with MIT Licenses?

MIT Licenses may also be used commercially. In this case, when releasing new
software, there's no need to disclose any other source code. In the reused code,
copyright notices and the mention of the original MIT License are sufficient.

## How widespread is the MIT License?

The MIT License is the most popular among all FOSS licenses. A study in 2019
showed that 27% of all open-source licenses on GitHub used the MIT License, due
to its clarity, concreteness, and optimization for development purposes.
