# Privacy

The monitarisation of Material for MkDocs through the sponsorware approach only
works as everything is visible. This means that not only our fundinggoals with
all the feautures but also our sponsors who support this project are visible to
the public – either as a public sponsor linking the related GitHub account or
as a private sponsor without any link to who's behind the sponsoring. When
initiating your sponsorship, GitHub Sponsors allows you to either sponsor
[publicly] or [privately].

## Public sponsors

GitHub lists all sponsoring publicly as a default, meaning you have to
explisitly mark your sponsoing as private. If you sponsor publicly GitHub will
list your account as one of our sponsors on the following pages: [sponsors page],
[squidfunks sponsoring page] and all of your sponsorships will also appear in
your GitHub account in the section "sponsorings", for others to see who you are
supporting.

## Private sponsors

If you would like to keep your sponsorships private, you can [set your
sponsorship to private] when initiating the sponsorship, in which case your
account will not appear in any sponsor listings so there is no public
affiliation with Material for MkDocs. You can change this setting any time in
your account by managing your sponsorship.

  [sponsors page]: our-sponsors.md
  [squidfunks sponsoring page]: https://github.com/sponsors/squidfunk?metadata_origin=docs
  [set your sponsorship to private]: https://docs.github.com/en/sponsors/sponsoring-open-source-contributors/managing-your-sponsorship#managing-the-privacy-setting-for-your-sponsorship

If your companys security apartment wants to make sure, that any of your users
account will not in any way be assosiated to Material for MkDocs at all, we
suggest creatng a new [GitHub bot account] specifically for the sponsoring
purpose, as this bot account will not be associated with any individual and
should be set as a privately listed owner within your GitHub organization. Use
this account to sponsor Material for MkDocs privately – the account will be
automatically listed as a collaborator on the private Insiders repository.

  [GitHub bot account]: access-management.md/#bot-account

## Admistrative overhead

To dedicate more time and resources to the development of our projects, we have
implemented measures to minimize administrative overhead for our small team. As
part of this approach, we have adopted GitHub Sponsors to efficiently handle all
sponsor management for us.

### Vendor agreements

As GitHub Sponsors manages all of our sponsoring transactions, GitHub is your
primary point of contact and serves as your vendor, not us. Therfore, if you
require a vendor agreement, please reach out to the GitHub Support as they
might be able to help you, especially when you have a GitHub organization or
GitHub enterprise account.

### Forms
When it comes to additional administrative tasks other than those handled by
GitHub Sponsors that require our attention and involve the completion of forms
or adherence to company processes when purchasing Material for MkDocs Insiders
we have decided to introduce a setup fee for any  If your purchase department
requires additional time and effort from our team, please be aware that the
setup fee will apply. For detailed information and specific inquiries, please
reach out to us at sponsors@squidfunk.com.

### NDAs

Unfortunately, we cannot sign any NDAs. As a small team working on Material for
MkDocs, we have limited resources and cannot thouroughly review and sign
such agreements as we would have to consult laywers. If your organization
requires such a process, you are welcome to show them [our promise].

## Our promise

We value your privacy and therefore pledge that we will not disclose any
information of any kind from our sponsors publicly. This includes the following:

- __Logo placement:__ Please note that all our perks, such as logo placement,
are entirely optional and must be explicitly requested by our sponsors. Meaning
that we will not simply use your companies logo and place it on our site without
your explisit request and written consent.
- __Marketing:__ We will not use the knowledge of your sponsorship in any form
if you set your sponsoring to private. We will not give the information of your
sponsorship to anyone and all contact whether it is via email or calls will not
be disclosed to anyone.
