# Runtime and cancellation

The sponsorship model for Material for MkDocs is facilitated through GitHub
Sponsors and adheres to their runtime and cancellation policies. If you're
curious about the duration of your sponsorship, how to cancel it, or what the
implications of cancellation are, this page contains all the necessary details
to manage your sponsorship effectively.

## Runtime

Sponsorships remain valid as long as monthly or yearly subscriptions are
active. They only expire when sponsorships get canceled, and access to the
private Material for MkDocs Insiders repository will be revoked automatically
once the cancellation process is effective.

## Cancellation process

Canceling your sponsorship initiates a cancellation request through GitHub,
which is scheduled to take effect at the end of your current billing cycle. This
means you'll retain access to Insiders until the cancellation officially becomes
effective.

All charges are processed by GitHub through Stripe. As we don't receive any
information regarding your payment, and GitHub doesn't offer refunds,
sponsorships are non-refundable.

### How to cancel

To cancel your sponsorship, please follow the [step-by-step guide] provided by
GitHub. If you have sponsored us using an organizational account, ensure that
you cancel the sponsorship under that specific account, as the collaborator and
sponsor accounts can differ.

  [step-by-step guide]: https://docs.github.com/en/billing/managing-billing-for-github-sponsors/downgrading-a-sponsorship

### Effects of cancellation

Upon the effective date of your cancellation, GitHub will automatically remove
you as a collaborator from the private Material for MkDocs Insiders repository.
You will no longer receive updates. However, you are welcome to continue using
the latest version available to you at the time of cancellation for as long as
you prefer.

!!! warning "GitHub deletes private forks"

    Please note that [GitHub deletes private forks], so you may want to take
    steps to ensure that you have a backup of the software if necessary and use
    the locally installed version.

  [GitHub deletes private forks]: https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-personal-account-on-github/managing-access-to-your-personal-repositories/removing-a-collaborator-from-a-personal-repository#deleting-forks-of-private-repositories

### Automatic cancellation

If your credit card expires, GitHub will automatically cancel your sponsorship
and remove you as a collaborator. Regularly checking your payment method is
recommended to avoid unintended cancellations.
