# Sponsoring tiers

Our sponsoring tiers are thoughtfully designed to accommodate the diverse needs
of our community. Whether you're an individual, an open-source project
contributor, part of an educational institution, or a business of any size,
you'll find a sponsoring tier that suits your needs.

## What tier to choose

Choosing the right sponsoring tier depends on your needs and how you intend to
use Material for MkDocs. Our tiers are categorized into [non-commercial] and
[commercial] use, tailored for different user groups:

  - Non-commercial tiers: Ideal for individuals, open source projects, or
  educational institutes
  - Commercial tiers: Designed for organizations of any size

Each [monthly sponsoring tier] offers a range of benefits tailored to your needs.
Benefits include access to our private Material for MkDocs Insiders repository,
priority handling of bug reports, and more, which vary by the number of sites
and collaborators required. Remember, you can always [upgrade or downgrade] your
sponsorship level at any time.

  [monthly sponsoring tier]: #monthly-sponsoring
  [non-commercial]: #non-commercial-use
  [commercial]: #commercial-use
  [upgrade or downgrade]: payment-and-billing.md/#upgrading-and-downgrading

## Monthly sponsoring

Monthly sponsoring tiers provide you with access to our private Material for
MkDocs Insiders repository. This supports the ongoing development of both the
Insiders and the community edition.

Slider: Commercial use | Non-commercial use

### Non-commercial use

Non-commercial use of our Material for MkDocs refers to private use. This
includes individuals using the Insiders edition for private or purely
non-commercial Open Source projects. We offer two different tiers for
non-commercial use, depending on the number of sites you want to build.

#### $15 a month
__The Individual__

_Choose for non-commercial use (1-2 sites)_

You love Material for MkDocs and use it for your Open Source project or personal
blog. You read about all the awesome features in Insiders, which are first
exclusively released to sponsors, and don't want to miss out.

__Rewards:__

  - Access to Insiders (one seat)

#### $35 a month
__The Dedicated Individual__

_Choose for non-commercial use (3+ sites)_

You use Material for MkDocs for several of your Open Source projects or personal
sites, and just love that you can build beautiful documentation without having
to worry about the constantly breaking JavaScript ecosystem â€“ this is now
[@squidfunk's] job.

  [@squidfunk's]: https://github.com/squidfunk

__Rewards:__

  - Access to Insiders (two seats)

### Commercial use

Commercial use refers to any use of the software for a business or for-profit
purpose. This includes any use by a corporation or other organization, whether
or not they generate revenue directly from the software. We offer different
pricing tiers for commercial use, each tailored to the needs of different
businesses. It's important to note that internal use of the software within your
organization is also considered commercial use, as with all commercial software.

#### $125 a month
__The Organization__

_Choose for commercial use (1-9 sites)_

Your organization uses Material for MkDocs for its documentation or internal
knowledge base and wants to make sure that it is well-maintained and safe to use
for the years to come. You agree that $125 a month (less than 1 hour of a
skilled developer) is a clever investment into a solution, solving tons of
problems you don't want to fight yourself.

__Rewards:__

  - Access to Insiders (three seats)
  - Have your bug reports prioritized
  - Bronze sponsor ðŸ¥‰ your logo here (S)

#### $250 a month
__The Global Organization__

_Choose for commercial use (10-49 sites)_

Your organization runs many internal and public-facing sites that are built with
Material for MkDocs, helping you to share and manage knowledge efficiently.
You've evaluated several commercial alternatives which will cost you 3-4x more,
some of which with a smaller feature set. You agree that $250 a month (less than
2 hours of a skilled developer) is a very good deal for the value you're getting
out of it.

__Rewards:__

  - Access to Insiders (five seats)
  - Have your bug reports prioritized
  - Silver sponsor ðŸ¥ˆ your logo here (M)

#### $1,000 a month
__The Holistic Organization__

_Choose for commercial use (50+ sites)_

Your organization's day-to-day operations critically depend on Material for
MkDocs, and you need to make sure that bugs are fixed quickly to keep your
customers happy. You see your work as part of a larger ecosystem, realizing that
giving back is essential to keeping everything you fight for alive.

__Rewards:__

  - Access to Insiders (ten seats)
  - Have your bug reports prioritized
  - Gold sponsor ðŸ¥‡ your logo here (L)
  - Private support via email ðŸ“¨

## One time sponsoring

For those who wish to contribute one time without an ongoing subscription and
without receiving access to the exclusive Insiders features, we offer the
following one-time sponsoring tiers.

### $20 one time

__Just a Tip!__

You asked a question or needed some help on a problem, and I've helped you
quickly. You want no perks, just good karma and a warm feeling of giving
something back.

### $350 one time

__The Mentoring__

A 1-hour video call with [@squidfunk]. He is happy to share his experiences
with you and help you with anything related to his work.

__Popular topics are:__

  - How to tailor my software to your needs
  - How to start earning a living in Open Source
  - How to make your Open Source project sustainable


  [@squidfunk]: https://github.com/squidfunk


## Custom amount

Custom sponsorship amounts are welcome through GitHub Sponsors, allowing you to
support Material for MkDocs in a way that suits you. However, please note that
individuals must contribute at least $15 monthly for insider access, while
organizations are asked to sponsor $125 or more. Contributions beyond these
amounts help us greatly, though one-time donations, regardless of size, will not
receive Insider access due to technical reasons.

## Upgrading and downgrading

Switching between different sponsoring tiers â€“ [upgrading] or [downgrading] â€“ is
possible at any time. Simply go to the [GitHub Sponsors] page and change your
sponsoring tier. Once you make that change, you will immediately change and
sponsor on the new tier.

If you extend the number of sites that are in your current sponsoring limit, we
kindly ask you to [upgrade your sponsorship] to a higher tier to continue using
the Material for MkDocs Insiders edition and build more sites. The change will
be effective immediately and the amount will be prorated according to your
[billing cycle].

  [upgrading]: https://docs.github.com/en/billing/managing-billing-for-github-sponsors/upgrading-a-sponsorship
  [downgrading]: https://docs.github.com/en/billing/managing-billing-for-github-sponsors/downgrading-a-sponsorship
  [upgrade]: https://docs.github.com/en/billing/managing-billing-for-github-sponsors/upgrading-a-sponsorship
