# Support

We're deeply invested in cultivating an open and supportive community where
everyone can freely share their knowledge and insights. Our commitment is to
support our community to the fullest, balancing this communication with the
critical development of Material for MkDocs. To ensure efficiency,
effectiveness and avoid double content, we try to guide you towards the most
suitable channel below to connect you with the right assistance.

## Sponsoring support

If questions remain after exploring our Insiders section, or if you're
contemplating sponsorship, [Kathi] is ready to assist you. She is prepared to
address all non-technical inquiries related to sponsorship. Reach out to her at
sponsors@squidfunk.com for additional support.

  [Kathi]: https://github.com/katharinalisalin

## Technical support

Our commitment to providing technical support, with a strong emphasis on keeping
all communication transparent and open, which is why we strickly keep to [our
discussion board] and [issue tracker].

  [our discussion board]: #discussion-board
  [issue tracker]: #issue-tracker


### Discussion board

The [discussion board] is your go-to for technical questions, where our
community and [Community Experts] actively share knowledge and solutions. Please
search existing discussions for answers before initiating new discussions. Note
that our direct support and that of our Community Experts focus on core features.
Customization assistance, due to its highly individual nature, is more likely to
come from the broader community.

  [Community Experts]: community-experts-program/index.md
  [discussion board]: https://github.com/squidfunk/mkdocs-material/discussions

### Issue Tracker

For [bugs] or [change requests], please submit issues openly on [our issue
tracker]. This transparency ensures that solutions benefit the entire community,
not only individual user. For bugs in the Insiders edition, we request that you
report these via our [public issue tracker] as well. When doing so, ensure that
you don't share any private Insiders' source code to comply with our [fair use
policy] which helps maintain the integrity and security of the Insiders edition.

  [bugs]: ../contributing/reporting-a-bug.md
  [change requests]: ../contributing/requesting-a-change.md
  [our issue tracker]: https://github.com/squidfunk/mkdocs-material/issues
  [public issue tracker]: https://github.com/squidfunk/mkdocs-material/issues
  [fair use policy]:

### Prioritized bug support

Organizational sponsors at "The Organization" tier or above receive prioritized
bug support. This doesn't mean skipping the queue but ensuring your concerns are
addressed promptly. We're committed to looking into and solving your issues as
efficiently as possible. However, please understand that while we aim to resolve
issues swiftly, the complexity of some problems may lead to longer resolution
times.

## Enterprise support

For in-depth support on utilizing Material for MkDocs or to explore ways to
enhance your documentation, we offer a [one-hour consulting call] with
@squidfunk – the original author and maintainer of Material for MkDocs. Our
experience shows that such a session can save you valuable time and help you
unlock Material for MkDocs' full potential.

  [one-hour consulting call]: https://github.com/sponsors/squidfunk/sponsorships?tier_id=210891
